The Gallery Widget (#2351)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Starter-Kit-TEMP/Widgets/index.md

# Widgets

## What is Widgets 
Widgets allows you to have easy access to a lot of different features, by selecting them from a menu. There is a total of nine-teen widgets in the menu. This is designed in such a way that there is a widget for all your needs.

In the following article there will be an explanation to each of these widgets.

### The Hero Widget 

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Hero-Widget1.png)

The Hero Widget allows you to create a hero element on your page, this includes features such as a heading, a rich text editor, a background image and the option to add buttons.

> You will also have the settings for your ***Hero Widget*** here, letting you have a nice overview of how you can customize the Widget to your liking.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this sentence - could you help me understand what you mean here? 🤔

Author: I just mean that you have the ability to set the Hero Widget up to your liking and that it is

Reviewer: Alright! How about we do something like this instead then:

```suggestion
You will have a lot of settings for your ***Hero Widget***, letting you customize the widget to your liking.
```

> Everything that you create in the ***Hero Widget*** will appear in a banner element on the top part of your page. 

Reviewer: Suggesting to remove this page, as it is possible to have this Hero widget anywhere on the page.

```suggestion
```

This widget is ideal for content on the start page.

> Below you can see an example of how a ***Hero Widget*** might look, this contains the ***Pre Header***, ***Heading***, ***Text*** and three different types of ***Buttons***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can see an example of how a ***Hero Widget*** might look. This contains the ***Pre Header***, ***Heading***, ***Text*** and different types of ***Buttons***
```

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Gallery-Widget.png)

> The Gallery Widget allows you to display multiple images in a gallery view, meaning that the images will be aligned in rows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gallery Widget allows you to display multiple images in a gallery view, meaning that the images will be aligned in rows. 

```

This also contains the feature to click on images to zoom in on the images. This feature can be disabled.

You will be able to change the setup of your gallery. This could be the size of the images or the background color of the whole container. 

> Below you can see how the gally would look with image width 20%, and a blue background color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can see how the gallery would look with image width at 20%, and a blue background color.
```

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Gallery.png)

> You Can click the image to zoom in when you are zoomed in you can either click the arrows with the mouse or use the arrow keys on the keyboard to circle through the images while zoomed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can click the image to zoom in, where you can browse through the images in the gallery by using the arrows next to the images or use the arrow keys on the keyboard.
```

> The Gallery Widget allowes you to display multiple images in a gallery view, meaning that the images will be alligned in rows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gallery widget allows you to display multiple images in a gallery view, meaning that the images will be alligned in rows. 
```

> This also contians the feature to click on images to zoom in on the images(this feature can also be disabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also contains the feature to click on images to zoom in on the images. This feature can be disabled.
```

> You will be able to change the set up of your gallery for example the size of the images and the background color of the whole container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be able to change the setup of your gallery. This could be the size of the images or the background color of the whole container. 
```

> Below you can see how the gally would look with image width 20%, and a blue background color.

Reviewer: When you want a linebreak, please make sure to add an extra break. In the case here, it will all be in the same section without showing any linebreaks.

![movePage.jpg](images/The-Gallery.png)

> Here you can see what it looks like after you click an image to zoom it, notice the arrows on the sides, clicking them will take you through the various images in the gallery.

Reviewer: I think instead of the image and this section here, it would be enough to simply mention the option to click and open the gallery - and that you'll be able to browse through them using the arrows or your keyboard.

What do you think?
Then we can also get rid of the very large image 😅
